Special Recipe: Xiao Long Bao
INGREDIENTS:
Pork stock jelly: 
500 g pork bones
(blanched)
2 stalks spring onion 
4 slices ginger 
1½ tbsp chicken stock concentrate or powder 
2 tbsp Shaoxing wine 
1.5 L water 
10 g gelatin 
60 ml cold water
Pork Filling:
500 g fatty minced pork
3 stalks spring onion
(chopped)
20 g ginger
(minced)
½ tbsp light soy sauce
½ tbsp sesame oil
½ tsp salt
½ tsp sugar
½ tsp white pepper
2 tbsp cornstarch
Pork stock Jelly
1 packet dumpling wrappers
(round shape)
INSTRUCTIONS:
Make Pork Stock
In a pot, add blanched pork bones, spring onion, ginger, chicken stock, Shaoxing wine and water.
Bring the stock to boil and then simmer for at least 30min for flavour of pork bones to infuse into the stock.
Remove from heat, drain off ingredients and set stock aside.
Prepare Gelatinand make Pork Stock Jelly
Add gelatin to cold water and mix well. Allow gelatin to bloom.
Add bloomed gelatin into the hot stock and whisk until gelatin fully dissolves.
Pour stock into a container and chill for at least 6hrsor until fully set. (If you are in a rush, you can put the container in the freezer instead. It will take 2-3 hrs.)
Prepare Pork Filling
In a mixing bowl, add minced pork, spring onion, ginger, light soy sauce, sesame oil, salt, sugar, pepper and cornstarch, and mix well.
Remove the pork stock jelly from the chiller and cut into small pieces. Add the pork stock jelly to the pork fillingand mix well.
Set aside filling in fridge if not use (as the pork stock jelly can melt at room temperature).
Wrap Xiao Long Bao
Take a piece of dumpling wrapper. You may roll it thinner at the edges if desired.
Fill each wrapper with 16g of filling.
Fold the xiao long bao by pleating and lightly pulling the edges repeatedly. When the xiao long bao is almost completely pleated, pinch the edges together and twist slight to seal it.
Steam
Line a bamboo steamer with a parchment paper (with holes) or a steaming cloth, and place the xiao long baos into the steamer.
Bring a pot to boil, then steam the xiao long baos for about 4-5 min.
Remove bamboo steamer from the pot.
Garnish and Serve!
Serve the xiao long baos hot. Dip with black vinegar and julienned ginger.

Wok-it-Out About Us:
In need of being the next Panda King? Don't worry, our Xiao Long Bao is the best we got for you with different varieties of it. Wok-it-Out is a Chinese Restaurant that has been serving since 2010. We pride ourselves for being the best restaurant around South East Asia. Our menu is not only Xiao Long Bao but mostly made out of Chinese taste which you could experience only here at our restaurant. Come in now and grab your Xiao Long Bao and be the next “Xiao Long Bao Panda King” for eating one hundred pieces of it!
Wok-it-Out Reviews:
4 months ago (****)
It was overall a pleasant experience. Depending on your pallette the vinegar and soy dip was super delightful.
6 months ago (*****)
This will go down as one of my most favorite restaurants ever. For the price, it's definitely sulit!
Ratings out of 5 stars:
Pork Xiao Long Bao: 4.5 stars (one of the best xiao long baos I've ever tasted)
Shrimp and pork Shao Mai: 3.5 stars (nothing too special, it's good but you can go w/o it)
Shrimp and Pork wontons w/ House Soy Sauce: 5 stars (this was one of the faves honestly)
Wok-it-Out hot tea: 5 stars (if you're into tea, this is amazing. It's not too bitter and it goes down so smoothly - plus if you buy this, it's unli refill)
Salted Egg Yolk prawns: 5 stars (holy moly was this tasty! I cannot forget how good it tastes!!)
Noodles with House special spicy sauce: 4 stars (really good spice! tasty even if it's spicy)
Fried rice: 3 stars (cannot remember what specific rice we got - but again, nothing too special)
Choc.o lava xiao long bao: 5 stars!! (this was also soooo good! The chocolate was not too sweet but also not too bitter. If I'm being honest it got that Hot Choco Vibes. After a bite, the chocolate bursts in your mouth like a dream.)

The place was busy but the servers/wait staff were quick on their feet and really nice too. They were very clean. Another plus is they check vaccination cards before dine in so that's a plus for peace of mind

5/5 would recommend it and come again!!
7 months ago (*****)
They never miss! Great service, quality food, reasonable prices. Really love their Crab Roe xiao long bao. One of my favorite Chinese food restaurants to eat at.
